capital = 608

set_country_flag = prc_leader_change_1960
set_country_flag = prc_leader_change_1973
set_country_flag = focus_tree_60_reset
set_country_flag = focus_tree_73_reset


1945.8.10 = {
	add_named_threat = { 
		threat = 5
		name = "Chinese_Civi_War_TT"
	}		
}

1946.1.1 = {
	declare_war_on = {
		target = CHI
		type = civil_war
	}
}
set_country_flag = weapon_purchasing_CUM_permit
set_country_flag = weapon_purchasing_MAO_permit
add_ideas = {

	Major_Power_Spy_Bonus

	policy_military_temp_3
	policy_welfare_temp_1
	policy_cpi_temp_1
	policy_education_temp_1
	policy_healthcare_temp_0
	policy_services_temp_0
	policy_taxrate_temp_3
	
	#policy_voting_temp_1
	policy_media_temp_0
	policy_women_temp_4
	policy_minorities_temp_3
	policy_religion_temp_0a
	policy_saga_temp_1
}

add_opinion_modifier = { target = CHI modifier = hostile_status }

set_popularities = { 
	democratic = 3
	communism = 19
	fascism = 0
	nationalist = 4
	monarchism = 0
	neutrality = 20
	islamism = 0
	radical_shiaism = 0
		
	Social_Democratic = 2
	Social_Liberalism = 0
	Salafism = 0
	Liberal_Conservatism = 0
	conservative = 0
	Christian_Democratic = 0
	socialist = 10
	centrist = 0
	liberal = 0
	trotskyism = 1
	maoism = 41	
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = maoism
	last_election = "1945.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Wang Ming"
	picture = "Wang_Ming.dds"
 	ideology = stalinism
	traits = { 
		Loyal_to_the_soviet_union
	}
}

create_country_leader = {
	name = "Li Jishen"
	picture = "Li_Jishen.dds"
 	ideology = democratic_socialist
}

recruit_character = PRC_Mao_Zedong
recruit_character = PRC_Zhu_De
recruit_character = PRC_Peng_Dehuai
recruit_character = PRC_Liu_Bocheng
recruit_character = PRC_Chen_Yi
recruit_character = PRC_Lin_Biao
recruit_character = PRC_Luo_Ronghuan
recruit_character = PRC_Xu_Xiangqian
recruit_character = PRC_He_Long
recruit_character = PRC_Nie_Rongzhen
recruit_character = PRC_Ye_Jianying
recruit_character = PRC_Su_Yu
recruit_character = PRC_Huang_Kecheng
recruit_character = PRC_Chen_Geng
recruit_character = PRC_Luo_Ruiqing
recruit_character = PRC_Xu_Guangda
recruit_character = PRC_Xu_Haidong
recruit_character = PRC_Wang_Shusheng
recruit_character = PRC_Hong_Xuezhi
recruit_character = PRC_Deng_Hua
recruit_character = PRC_Yang_Chengwu
recruit_character = PRC_Yang_Dezhi
recruit_character = PRC_Xu_Shiyou
recruit_character = PRC_Tan_Zheng
recruit_character = PRC_Chen_Xilian
recruit_character = PRC_Yang_Yong
recruit_character = PRC_Huang_Yongsheng
recruit_character = PRC_He_Bingyan
recruit_character = PRC_Xie_Fuzhi
recruit_character = PRC_Chen_Zaidao
recruit_character = PRC_Ye_Fei
recruit_character = PRC_Xiao_Jinguang
recruit_character = PRC_Han_Xianchu
recruit_character = PRC_Xiao_Hua
recruit_character = PRC_Li_Zuopeng
recruit_character = PRC_Wang_Bicheng
recruit_character = PRC_Su_Zhenghua
recruit_character = PRC_Zhang_Zongxun
recruit_character = PRC_Wang_Zhen
recruit_character = PRC_Lin_Liguo
recruit_character = PRC_Liu_Shaoqi
recruit_character = PRC_Zhang_Aiping
recruit_character = PRC_Jiang_Qing
recruit_character = PRC_Wang_Hongwen
recruit_character = PRC_Mao_Yuanxin
recruit_character = PRC_Zhu_Kejia
recruit_character = PRC_Hua_Guofeng
recruit_character = PRC_Ji_Dengkui
recruit_character = PRC_Ni_Zhifu
recruit_character = PRC_Wu_Guixian
recruit_character = PRC_Deng_Xiaoping
recruit_character = PRC_Hu_Yaobang
recruit_character = PRC_Zhao_Ziyang
recruit_character = PRC_Jiang_Zemin
recruit_character = PRC_Hu_Jintao
recruit_character = PRC_Chen_Liangyu

    
1949.4.20 = {
	complete_national_focus = PRC_50s_Launch_The_Crossing_Yangtze_River_Campaign

	oob = "PRC_1949"

    set_research_slots = 3

    if = {
	    limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns"}
	    set_technology = {
		    detection_ww = 1
		    ww_armaments = 1
		    ww_screens = 1
	    }
    }

    set_technology = {

        ##### INFRA #####
	    ww_infra = 1
        basic_train = 1


        ##Infantry##
	
	    infantry_equip_1 = 1 
	    team_weapons_1 = 1
	    ammo_explosives_1 = 1
	    squad_weapons_1 = 1
	    specialist_1 = 1
	    hmg_1 = 1
	    heavy_artillery_1 = 1
	    special_operations = 1 
	    mountain_warfare_1 = 1
	    amphibious_warfare_1 = 1
	    airborne_operations_1 = 1
	    army_sp_forces_1 = 1
	
        ##Support##
	
	    tech_support = 1
	    combat_support = 1
	    tech_engineers = 1
	    tech_recon = 1
	    tech_military_police = 1
	
	    combat_service_support = 1
	    tech_field_hospital = 1
	    tech_logistics_company = 1
	
        ##Armor##

	    iw_armored_vehicles = 1
	    light_tanks_1 = 1
	    light_tanks_2 = 1
	    main_battle_tanks = 1
	    heavy_tanks_1 = 1
	
	    mechanized_infantry = 1
	    mechanized_infantry2 = 1
	    mechanized_heavy_infantry = 1
	    motorised_infantry = 1
	
	    sp_rocket1 = 1
	
        ##Artillery##
	
	    autocannon_1 = 1
	    spaag_1 = 1
	
	    artillery_1 = 1
	    light_artillery_1 = 1
	    sp_artillery_1 = 1
	    heavy_artillery_1 = 1
	    light_sp_artillery_1 = 1
	    heavy_sp_artillery_1 = 1
	    sp_rocket1 = 1
	
	    direct_fire_gun_1 = 1
	    tank_destroyer_1 = 1
	
        ##Land Doc##
	
        ##Naval##
	
	
	

        ##Naval Doc##
	
        ##Light Air##

	    early_fighter = 1
	
	    CAS1 = 1
	    CAS2 = 1
	    CAS3 = 1

	    fighter1 = 1
	    fighter2 = 1
	    fighter3 = 1

	    heavy_fighter1 = 1
	    heavy_fighter2 = 1
	    heavy_fighter3 = 1
	
        ##Air##

	    early_bomber = 1

	    naval_bomber1 = 1
	    naval_bomber2 = 1

	    tactical_bomber1 = 1
	    tactical_bomber2 = 1
	    tactical_bomber3 = 1
	
        ##Air Doc##
	
        ##Helicopters##
	
        ##Engineering##
	
	    radio = 1 
	
        ##Industry##
	
	
        ##Rocketry##

	    rocket_engines = 1
	    jet_engines = 1
	
        ##Space##
	

        ##WMD##

    }

    set_convoys = 24
    set_stability = 0.75
    set_war_support = 0.7

    set_cosmetic_tag = CPC

    add_timed_idea = {
	    idea = civil_war_fervor
	    days = 365
    }

    init_influence = yes
    set_variable = { var = domestic_influence_amount value = 10000 }
}

1949.5.22 = {
	add_ideas = {
		PRC_50s_People_s_War_of_Liberation
		#SOV_government_corruption_endemic
		PRC_50s_Economic_ruin_caused_by_war
		PRC_50s_Imperialist_forces
		PRC_50s_Illiteracy_everywhere_1
		PRC_bandit
		international_credibility_3
		agrarian_bourgeoisie_1
		closed_economy
		extensive_conscription
		tot_economic_mobilisation
		administration_integration_5
		PRC_Blockade_by_the_Unite_States_Navy
		#PRC_AIM_1
		#PRC_EIM_1
		#PRC_NDM_Army_1
		#PRC_NDM_Air_1
		#PRC_NDM_Naval_1
		#PRC_STM_1
	}
	PRC_faction_struggle_system_startup = yes
	#add_dynamic_modifier = {
    #    modifier = PRC_econemy_dynamic_modifier
	#}

    add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = PRC_PLA_Ground_Force }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_0 = 0.5 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_1 = -0.5 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_2 = -0.3 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_3 = 0.1 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_4 = -0.5 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_5 = -0.5 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_6 = -0.3 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_7 = 0.2 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_8 = 0.2 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_9 = -0.3 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_10 = 0.25 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_11 = -0.5 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_12 = -0.5 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_13 = 114 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_14 = 0.99 }
    
	add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = PRC_PLA_Air_Force }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_15 = 0.3 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_16 = -0.2 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_17 = 0.15 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_18 = 0.3 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_19 = 0.3 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_20 = -0.1 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_21 = -0.25 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_22 = 0.5 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_23 = -0.05 }
    
	add_dynamic_modifier = { modifier = PRC_PLA_Navy }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_24 = -0.2 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_25 = -0.1 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_26 = -0.1 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_27 = 0.3 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_28 = -0.25 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_29 = 0.5 }
    set_variable = { PRC_50s_People_s_Liberation_Army_30 = -0.5 }
}

1950.5.1 = {
	drop_cosmetic_tag = yes	
	# white_peace = CHI	# commented to avoid error in 1960 start ("white_peace: not valid before game start, such as in history scripts")
	set_country_flag = Found_PRC_flag
    PRC_Pop_Unlock_effect = yes
}

1960.1.1 = {
	remove_ideas = {
		PRC_50s_People_s_War_of_Liberation
		#SOV_government_corruption_endemic
		PRC_50s_Economic_ruin_caused_by_war
		PRC_50s_Imperialist_forces
		PRC_50s_Illiteracy_everywhere_1
		PRC_bandit_1
		international_credibility_3
		agrarian_bourgeoisie_1
		closed_economy
		extensive_conscription
		tot_economic_mobilisation
		administration_integration_5
		#PRC_AIM_1
		#PRC_EIM_1
		#PRC_NDM_Army_1
		#PRC_NDM_Air_1
		#PRC_NDM_Naval_1
		#PRC_STM_1
		SOV_government_corruption_endemic
	}
	add_ideas = {
		civilian_economy
		limited_exports
		#PRC_AIM_3
		#PRC_EIM_3
		#PRC_NDM_Army_3
		#PRC_NDM_Air_3
		#PRC_NDM_Naval_3
		#PRC_STM_3
	}
	set_portraits = { 
		character = PRC_mao_zedong
		civilian = { large = "GFX_Mao_1960" }
	}
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = PRC_Liu_Shaoqi
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader = {
			ideology = mao_zedong_thought
			expire = "1974.1.1.1"
			traits = {
				#PRC_Liu_Self-cultivation_of_Party_Members
				#PRC_Liu_Shaoqi_Buke_Lun
				#PRC_Liu_True_Communist
			}
		}
	}
	oob = "PRC_1960"
	load_focus_tree = PRC_60_66
	create_country_leader = {
		 name = "He Xiangning"
		 picture = "He_Xiangning.dds"
		 ideology = democratic_socialist
	}
	set_research_slots = 4
	set_technology = {

    ##### INFRA #####
	ww_infra = 1
        basic_train = 1

		heavy_artillery_1 = 1
		## Engineering + Industry ##
		ww_production = 1
		ww_construction = 1
		ww_oil = 1
		logistics_I = 1
		logistics_II = 1
		production_efficiency_I = 1
		production_efficiency_II = 1
		management_I = 1
		management_II = 1
		agriculture_I = 1
		civil_engineering_I = 1
		civil_engineering_II = 1
		excavation_I = 1
		materials_I = 1
		chemistry_I = 1
		ww_pc = 1
		hardware_I = 1
		hardware_II = 1
		hardware_III = 1
		software_I = 1
		software_II = 1
		radio = 1
		radar_0 = 1
		radar_I = 1
		coms_I = 1
		decryption_I = 1
		enc_I = 1

		## WMD ##
		NBC_research = 1
		nbc_nerve_weapon_0 = 1
		atomic_research = 1
		atomic_reactor_0 = 1
	
		rocket_engines = 1
		jet_engines = 1
		
		advanced_rocket_engines = 1
		srbm1 = 1
		srbm2 = 1

		## Space ##
		#liquid_propelled_rocket = 1
		#hybrid_propelled_rocket = 1
		
		## Helicopters & Missiles ##
		early_helicopter = 1
		utility_helicopter_1 = 1
		cruisemissile_0 = 1
		cruisemissile_1 = 1
		
		
		aam_short_range_0 = 1
		aam_long_range_0 = 1
		
		## Air ##
		early_bomber = 1
		early_fighter = 1
		fighter1 = 1
		fighter2 = 1
		fighter3 = 1
		heavy_fighter1 = 1
		heavy_fighter2 = 1
		heavy_fighter3 = 1
		CAS1 = 1
		CAS2 = 1
		CAS3 = 1
		CAS4 = 1
		naval_bomber1 = 1
		naval_bomber2 = 1
		naval_bomber3 = 1
		naval_bomber4 = 1
		strategic_bomber1 = 1
		strategic_bomber2 = 1
		strategic_bomber3 = 1
		tactical_bomber1 = 1
		tactical_bomber2 = 1
		tactical_bomber3 = 1
		jet_multirole1 = 1
		jet_multirole2 = 1
		jet_multirole3 = 1
		jet_multirole4 = 1
		jet_interceptor1 = 1
		jet_interceptor2 = 1
		jet_interceptor3 = 1
		jet_interceptor4 = 1
		jet_strategic_bomber1 = 1
		jet_strategic_bomber2 = 1
		jet_tactical_bomber1 = 1
		jet_tactical_bomber2 = 1
		transport1 = 1
		transport2 = 1
		transport3 = 1
		transport4 = 1
		transport5 = 1

		## Navy ##
		

		## Armor ## 
		iw_armored_vehicles = 1
		amphibious1 = 1
		amphibious2 = 1
		heavy_tanks_1 = 1
		heavy_tanks_2 = 1
		light_tanks_1 = 1
		light_tanks_2 = 1
		light_tanks_3 = 1
		light_tanks_4 = 1
		main_battle_tanks = 1
		main_battle_tanks_1 = 1
		main_battle_tanks_2 = 1
		main_battle_tanks_3 = 1

		mechanized_heavy_infantry = 1
		mechanized_heavy_infantry2 = 1
		mechanized_heavy_infantry3 = 1
		mechanized_infantry = 1
		mechanized_infantry2 = 1
		mechanized_infantry3 = 1
		mechanized_infantry4 = 1
		mechanized_infantry5 = 1
		tank_destroyer_1 = 1
		
		motorised_infantry = 1
		motorised_infantry_2 = 1
		motorised_infantry_3 = 1

		## Artillery ##
		artillery_1 = 1
		sp_artillery_1 = 1
		tank_destroyer_1 = 1
		spaag_1 = 1
		direct_fire_gun_1 = 1
		autocannon_1 = 1
		sp_rocket1 = 1
		sp_rocket2 = 1
		sp_rocket3 = 1
		
		## Infantry ##
		team_weapons_1 = 1
		team_weapons_2 = 1
		infantry_equip_1 = 1 
		infantry_equip_2 = 1
		specialist_1 = 1
		
		## Support ##
		tech_support = 1
		tech_engineers = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		tech_field_hospital = 1
		tech_logistics_company = 1
		tech_military_police = 1
		tech_signal_company = 1
		tech_maintenance_company = 1
		
	}
}
1966.8.8 = {
	promote_character = {
		character = PRC_mao_zedong
		ideology = mao_zedong_thought
	}
	add_trait = {
		character = PRC_mao_zedong
		ideology = mao_zedong_thought
		trait = Great_Helmsman
	}	
	#PRC_GPCR_begins = yes
}
1969.4.18 = {
    #load_focus_tree = PRC_70s
}
1969.7.1 = {
	#add_to_variable = { 714.prc_change_of_administrative_division = 9 }
	#add_to_variable = { 328.prc_change_of_administrative_division = 7 }
	#add_to_variable = { 716.prc_change_of_administrative_division = 5 }
	#add_to_variable = { 621.prc_change_of_administrative_division = 3 }
	#add_to_variable = { 616.prc_change_of_administrative_division = 6 }
	#add_to_variable = { 283.prc_change_of_administrative_division = 6 }
	#set_country_flag = PRC_Inner_Mongolia_69-79_administrative_division
	#PRC_GPCR_province_variable_update = yes
	#PRC_GPCR_ui_update = yes
	#PRC_GPCR_national_spirit_update = yes
}
1971.2.1 = {
	#complete_national_focus = the_fourth_five_year_plan
}
1971.9.13 = {
	#complete_national_focus = continue_the_constraction_of_the_third_tier_city_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = resumpition_of_railroad_construction_in_the_third_line_area
	#complete_national_focus = third_line_area_exploration_campaigns
	#complete_national_focus = relocation_of_university_clooeges_and_enterprises_to_the_india
	#complete_national_focus = continue_eight_sixteen_nuclear_military_project
	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_prepare_the_war
	#complete_national_focus = PRC_70s_Army
	#complete_national_focus = PRC_70s_Navy
	#complete_national_focus = PRC_70s_Air_forced
	#complete_national_focus = Beyond_the_ionosphere

	#complete_national_focus = greeting_the_great_70s
	#complete_national_focus = symposium_of_the_Adminstrative_group_of_the_CMC_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = preparing_for_war_against_the_soviet_union_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = Dig_more_shelters_chaign_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = Evacuation_of_party_and_state_leaders_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = Vice_chairman_lins_order_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = One_strike_three_anti
	#complete_national_focus = The_Central_Working_Conference
	#complete_national_focus = purge_the_may_sixteenth_anti_revolution_elements_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = The_formation_of_the_university_of_worker_peasant_soldier_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = prc_70s_Expand_the_supply_of_consumer_goods
	#unlock_national_focus = discussion_on_the_reletion_or_abolition_of_the_chairmanship_ccc

	#complete_national_focus = Improve_people_s_welfare
	#complete_national_focus = Guarantee_urban_and_rural_transactions
	#complete_national_focus = Increase_scientific_research_expenditure
	#complete_national_focus = Northern_China_agricultural_conference
	#complete_national_focus = restore_agricultural_production
	#complete_national_focus = empphasis_on_sixty_article_regulations_for_agriculture
	#complete_national_focus = abolition_of_the_chairmanship
	#complete_national_focus = establishment_of_the_Central_Organizational_and_Propaganda_goup
	#complete_national_focus = The_criticize_of_Chen_and_focus_on_intra_party_discipline_campaign_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = Crackdown_on_members_of_linbiaos_bloc_within_the_PLA
	#complete_national_focus = northern_china_conference
	#complete_national_focus = rectification_of_the_current_state_of_education
	#complete_national_focus = strengthening_the_family_planning
	#unlock_national_focus = PRC_70s_chairman_maos_trip_to_southern_china

	set_country_flag = linbiao_dead

	#unlock_national_focus = linbiao_incident

	set_portraits = { 
		character = PRC_mao_zedong
		civilian = { large = "GFX_Mao_1973" }
	}
}

1973.1.1 = {
	#complete_national_focus = set_up_working_conference_of_the_CMC
	#complete_national_focus = zhou_en_lai_preside_over_the_daily_work
	#complete_national_focus = the_criticize_of_lin_and_focus_on_intraparty_discipine_campaign_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_Identify_LinBiao_group_as_far_right
	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_Consolidate_the_rule_of_the_PLA_over_local_areas
	#complete_national_focus = Promote_Deng_xiaoping_as_a_senior_advisor_ccc
	#complete_national_focus = developing_multiple_busness_model
	#complete_national_focus = withraw_decision_on_concentraiting_on_the_tasks_of_supporting_the_peasants_military_control_and_military_training
    #complete_national_focus = a_great_new_victory

	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_Pay_attention_to_people_s_life
	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_Several_provisions_on_protecting_and_improving_the_environment
	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_Grain_saving_campaign
	#complete_national_focus = investment_in_electronic_industury_construction
	#complete_national_focus = build_hydropower_plants_in_rual_areas
	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_Continue_industrial_construction
	#complete_national_focus = yanshan_oil_renfinery
	#complete_national_focus = expansion_of_shipyards_in_coastal_areas
    #complete_national_focus = prc70s_Use_the_rivers_in_Southwest_China
	#complete_national_focus = construction_of_national_microwave_communication_network
	#complete_national_focus = development_of_CNC_machine_tools
    #complete_national_focus = prc70s_Reduce_the_price_of_drugs
	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_Implement_the_May_7th_instruction

	#unlock_national_focus = a_meet_with_edgar_snow
	#unlock_national_focus = Sino_US_trade_talk
	#unlock_national_focus = request_to_lift_the_embargo_decree_against_china
	#unlock_national_focus = taiwan_problems
	#unlock_national_focus = Nixons_shock
	#complete_national_focus = korean_penisula
	#complete_national_focus = continued_aid_to_DPRK
	#complete_national_focus = ninteen_seventy_two_japen_china_joint_communique
	#complete_national_focus = relations_with_african_countries
	#complete_national_focus = improve_relations_with_frican_countries
	#complete_national_focus = support_our_african_brothers
    #complete_national_focus = relations_with_west_asian_countries
	#complete_national_focus = Relations_with_soth_asian_countries
	#complete_national_focus = Relation_with_sotheast_asian_countries
	#complete_national_focus = Improve_relations_with_Thailand_democortic_goverment
	#complete_national_focus = prc70s_Continue_to_support_the_Communist_Party_of_Myanmar
	#unlock_national_focus = prc70s_Support_the_top_leaders_meeting_of_the_three_countries_and_the_Quartet
    #complete_national_focus = support_vietnams_struggle_against_US
	#complete_national_focus = Improve_relations_with_Thailand_democortic_goverment
	#complete_national_focus = support_the_communist_party_of_thailand

    add_ideas = {
		defcon_system_5
		armed_nation_nuke
	}
	add_nuclear_bombs = 100
	create_country_leader = {
		name = "Zhu Yunshan"
		picture = "Zhu_Yunshan.dds"
		ideology = democratic_socialist
    }
    set_research_slots = 4
}

1976.9.9 = {
	retire_character = PRC_mao_zedong
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = PRC_Hua_Guofeng
		promote_leader = yes
	    country_leader = {
		    ideology = mao_zedong_thought
		    expire = "1992.10.20.1"
		    traits = {
						
		    }
	    }
	}
}
1978.12.22 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = socialist
		elections_allowed = no
		last_election = "1977.8.18"
		election_frequency = 60
	}
	set_popularities = { 
		democratic = 5
		communism = 7
		fascism = 0
		nationalist = 3
		monarchism = 0
		neutrality = 10
		islamism = 0
		radical_shiaism = 0
		Social_Democratic = 2
		Social_Liberalism = 0
		Salafism = 0
		Liberal_Conservatism = 0
		conservative = 0
		Christian_Democratic = 0
		socialist = 47
		centrist = 0
		liberal = 0
		trotskyism = 7
		maoism = 19
		
	}
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = PRC_Deng_Xiaoping
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader = {
			ideology = socialism
			expire = "1992.10.20.1"
			traits = {
					
			}
		}
	}
	set_cosmetic_tag = PRC_SWCC
}
1980.1.1 = {
	set_research_slots = 3
}
1989.6.9 = {
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = PRC_Jiang_Zemin
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader = {
			ideology = socialism
			expire = "2004.3.20.1"
			traits = {
					
			}
		}
	}
}
2002.10.20 = {
	add_country_leader_role = {
		character = PRC_Hu_Jintao
		promote_leader = yes
		country_leader = {
			ideology = socialism
			expire = "2013.3.20.1"
			traits = {
					
			}
		}
	}
}


